component/otelcol: expose randomization_factor and multiplier in retry blocks (#5219)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/shared/flow/reference/components/otelcol-retry-block.md

---- | ---- | ----------- | ------- | --------
`enabled` | `boolean` | Enables retrying failed requests. | `true` | no
`initial_interval` | `duration` | Initial time to wait before retrying a failed request. | `"5s"` | no
`randomization_factor` | `number` | Factor to randomize wait time before retrying. | `0.5` | no
`multiplier` | `number` | Factor to grow wait time before retrying. | `1.5` | no
`max_interval` | `duration` | Maximum time to wait between retries. | `"30s"` | no
`max_elapsed_time` | `duration` | Maximum amount of time to wait before discarding a failed batch. | `"5m"` | no

When `enabled` is `true`, failed batches are retried after a given interval.
The `initial_interval` argument specifies how long to wait before the first
retry attempt. If requests continue to fail, the time to wait before retrying
increases by the factor specified by the `multiplier` argument, which must be
greater than `1.0`. The `max_interval` argument specifies the upper bound of
how long to wait between retries.

> If `randomization_factor` is greater than `0`, the wait time before retries is
> multiplied by a random factor up to `1 ± randomization_factor`, allowing for
> jitter between retrying agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `randomization_factor` argument is useful for adding jitter between retrying agents.
If `randomization_factor` is greater than `0`, the wait time before retries is
multiplied by a random factor in the range 
`[ I - randomization_factor * I, I + randomization_factor * I]`, 
where `I` is the current interval.
```

I was a bit confused about what this means:

> up to `1 ± randomization_factor`

I read the code and I rephrased it in a way that makes more sense to me personally. It makes it more clear that this is a random value in a certain range. Not sure if you like this though?

Btw, what if `randomization_factor` is less than 1? Would the config still be used? Or would it fail validation?

Author: > Btw, what if randomization_factor is less than 1? Would the config still be used? Or would it fail validation?

`randomization_factor` is less than 1 by default (it's 0.5). `0` means no randomization.

Reviewer: Sorry, I made a typo. I meant to ask "what if `randomization_factor` is less than 0?"

Author: I'll add a check for it, but I think a negative randomization_factor also acts as if it were 0.
